Analytics tools like Google's also provide us data on
the technology and the mobile devices your users use to access your site.
Under Technology, you'll find information on the browsers and
the operating systems users are accessing to visit your site.
Under Mobile, you'll learn whether users access
your site from phones, tablets, or desktops.
You can also find out which mobile devices are most popular among users.
This information is especially helpful when you're making
decisions about design and updates to your website.
You can see key metrics organized by technology.
This information can help developers prioritize
updates for your site based on the devices,
browsers, and networks used by your users.